shuffl
======

We believe that the manner in which we party is fundamentally flawed. We want to allow all the guests at a party to be fully in control of the music that they listen to. This process is currently astoundingly undemocratic. Our application for the mobile phone and desktop will allow guests at a party to connect to a 'hub' computer, which acts as a source of tracks and playlists.These  phones will now have access to the songs on the hub.The guests at the party can now 'vote', 'rank' and 'choose' which songs they would like to play, thereby completely  eliminating the need for a third party. The hub is dynamic in the sense that it may take up residence in the source computer or the phone of a guest, thereby allowing  all party-goers to have access to all the music that they have together. Hosts can choose whether or not to make the party public or private. Invites go out via facebook or email, and if the host wishes the party to be public, it will show  up on our 'Find a public party nearby' search. We see this as a great tool in potentially finding people with similar musical interests (since we'll list possible  genres of music at the party as well) while efficiently eliminating the stigma that is 'meeting strangers nearby 'online. Guests can then RSVP to a party, so as to  keep track of the number of people there will be, and hosts can 'close'parties if their occupancy is full. Certain concerts or music festivals can also make themselves available for 'public stream' where a party somewhere around the world can 'sync in' and listen to the songs that are being played at said concert/festival for a subsidised cost. In the event that the guests feel as though it would be better for them to play a passive roll, or if the songs are exhausted our ranking algorithms will create playlists based on genre and region and recommend these songs to those at the party.